[Music]
ugh
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will discuss a thriller about a young
woman named cecilia who tries to run
away from her boyfriend
her boyfriend is a mad scientist who
instead uses his genius invention to
terrorize cecilia
can cecilia be free from her boyfriend's
terror let's see the storyline of the
invisible man
the invisible man starts from a luxury
house located on the edge of a cliff
with waves splashing on the scenery in
the distance
cecilia wakes up and by her attitude we
can tell how scared she is
this is because tonight is the night she
has been waiting to escape from her
boyfriend
adrian she got out of bed very carefully
and grabbed a bottle of diazepam
a type of sleeping pill she used to put
her boyfriend in a deep sleep
carefully cecilia took her bag filled
with escape supplies hidden in a hole in
the wall
just behind her wardrobe then she
immediately went down to adrian's super
sophisticated laboratory
here we can see some black costumes on
display indicating a mysterious project
being worked on by adrian
after reaching the end of her freedom
cecilia was stopped by their dog
zeus in the garage of the house but
cecilia can only apologize for not being
able to take
zeus with her even so she tried to
remove the gps necklace that adrian was
wearing to him
and that's when zeus accidentally hit a
luxury sports car which immediately set
the alarm
cecilia immediately climbed up the high
concrete wall that boarded her mansion
and the countryside beyond
arriving at the edge of the deserted
street cecilia felt even more frightened
because her sister had not come luckily
emily showed up not long
and cecilia quickly got into the car but
she didn't know she dropped her diazepam
bottle
emily was confused by everything that
happened before she could say anything
an angry adrian emerged from the
darkness shouting at her
he even smashed her car window until it
shattered luckily emily quickly hit the
brakes and drove away
leaving adrian alone two weeks later
cecilia is safe and lives with her
childhood best friend
james a police officer there was also
james daughter
sydney but being away from adrian
doesn't necessarily make cecilia calm
she was so paranoid that she was too
afraid to even leave the house
to pick up a letter in the post box the
doorbell rang
and emily came to visit with some news
it turns out that adrian was found dead
by suicide
but cecilia didn't believe the news
cecilia began to tell how adrian
controlled every aspect
of her life from what she wore where she
went what she ate
including what she thought if cecilia
doesn't obey then adrian will physically
abuse her
adrian also intends to have a baby and
cecilia knows
if she has a baby she will never be
separated from adrian for good
therefore cecilia secretly took
pregnancy control drugs
but cecilia realized that she couldn't
just wait for the moment when adrian
would find out everything
the next day cecilia was calmer and
began to venture out of the house
to pick up letters in the post box it
turned out that one of the letters was
addressed to her
cecilia is invited to the attorney's
office to discuss adrian's inheritance
for cecilia
finally cecilia and emily came to visit
adrian's attorney's office
it turns out that the lawyer appointed
is tom who is adrian's younger brother
tom started reading out the will adrian
left for cecilia
it's surprising because adrian left a
lot of money to cecelia
but several requirements must be met by
cecilia including not being involved in
criminal acts
cecilia signed an inheritance that
completely changed her life
then to repay the kindness of james and
his daughter cecilia bought james a new
ladder
he also slipped a special account for
sydney to continue her education even up
to the master's degree
james and sydney were so happy with
cecilia's gift and they had such a great
time
but will that wonderful time last long
unfortunately no
after returning from shopping cecilia
began to feel an invisible figure who
seemed to be watching her in the house
she started to become paranoid as if she
heard someone's voice nearby
but strangely no one was there the next
day
while she was cooking and left for a
moment the knife placed on the table
fell by itself
and the fire burst out and almost burned
the kitchen but all of that is only the
beginning of the strange events
that begin to arrive in cecelia's life
in the following days
she began to feel as if she was being
watched by an invisible figure
from hearing the sound of the door
opening until she saw the house's front
door open by itself
outside the house cecilia began to look
suspiciously around her
without her knowing behind her someone
could be seen breathing
but no one was seen there so who is this
invisible figure
and this is when the terror begins to
emerge first
the invisible figure began to disturb
cecilia's sleep
by pulling the blanket and taking some
photos of cecilia while sleeping
cecilia woke up from her sleep and she
was so surprised by the shadow in front
of her
which turned out to be just a clothes
hanger then when cecilia was about
to pull back the blanket she could feel
if something was holding her blanket
she could even see the shadow of
someone's foot stepping on and
starting to walk towards her cecilia
shouted for james help and said
if there was someone in her room but
they had no evidence of anyone else in
the room
james tried to calm cecilia and said if
adrian was already dead
but cecilia could not let adrian
continue interfering with her life
even though he was gone the next day
cecilia had a job interview but her
design portfolio suddenly disappeared
from her bag
and she knew someone had moved her
portfolio she then started to feel dizzy
and then lost consciousness after going
through a health check
cecilia was shocked when she was told
over the phone that she had high levels
of diazepam in her blood
even more surprising cecilia finds the
same bottle of diazepam she lost when
she ran away from adrian
as if the bottle came back to her
cecilia went back to tom
and asked him to tell adrian to stop all
his terror against her
because she remembered that adrian had
said that cecilia could never be
separated from him
but if cecilia runs away from adrian's
life he will always find cecilia but she
won't be able to
see him adrian said he will give signs
so cecilia knows
if adrian is nearby tom then showed a
photo of adrian's death and said
that the ashes from adrian's body were
in an urn placed in his office
the next scene shows when cecilia visits
her sister
emily who looks unhappy with cecilia's
arrival
emily was so angry with cecilia when she
read the email sent by her saying
if cecilia was disgusted with her and
hoped that emily would rather die
this incident confused cecilia so much
that she was sure she had never sent
such a rude email to her sister
to her surprise when she came home and
checked her laptop
cecilia found that the abusive email
addressed to emily really came from her
email
cecilia can't control her emotions and
was so stressed with all the events
that happened to her as if she had been
kept away from those closest to her
cecilia began to fall and cry alone
sydney went into cecilia's room and
tried to make her comfortable and
support her
but something unexpected happened an
invisible figure suddenly hit sydney
right in the face
and showed as if this was done by
cecilia james is worried about sydney's
safety
and thinks cecilia has lost her mind and
is starting to do something out of the
ordinary
cecilia repeatedly told james that all
of this was adrian's doing
trying to keep her away from the people
closest to her but no one believed her
after being left alone at home cecilia
began to dare to challenge the invisible
figure
finally cecilia decided to call adrian
and what a surprise
when she heard adrian's cell phone
ringing at her house to be precise
coming from the attic using the latter
she had just bought for james
cecilia climbed up to the top of her
attic and called adrian one more time
how surprised he was when she found
adrian's cell phone in the corner of the
attic
the cell phone has a picture of her
sleeping there is also a kitchen knife
that was lost when the fire spread in
the kitchen
while she was cooking she also found all
her designs
that were missing from her job interview
bag then the phone rang once more
and a message came in saying surprise
it's time for cecilia to start fighting
back gazing down at the stairs below
cecilia poured out a can of paint and to
her surprise
an invisible figure appeared among the
piles of paint
so all of her assumptions had been true
if someone was wearing an invisible
costume who had been terrorizing her all
this time
continues in the kitchen cecilia must
fight an invisible figure
a fascinating battle took place between
cecilia and the invisible figure
after the fierce fight cecilia managed
to escape outside the house
and ordered an uber cecilia asked her
uber driver to take her to adrian's
super luxury house outside the city
when she arrived at adrian's house the
scene inside the house looked strange
because all the things were covered by a
white cloth but what is surprising is
zeus
their pet dog is still there and looks
fresh and fit as if he has been
receiving adequate care
even though no one else is in the house
cecilia finally returned to adrian's
super sophisticated lab
and she found a small secret room by
playing a small panel in the corner of
the room
she uncovered the mysterious costume
that adrian created
this costume consists of a small
surveillance camera that can reflect
objects around it
rendering the wearer invisible so this
is the secret behind
adrian's invisible figure all this time
cecilia takes the costume
and hides it in a secret closet where
she hides her bag
when she tries to escape from adrian at
the film's beginning
then things turned so thrilling because
she could hear the sound of footsteps
coming into the room but she couldn't
see anyone
cecilia hardly bumped into the invisible
figure when the sliding door opened by
itself
and then she immediately ran away from
the big mansion
back in her uber cecilia calls her
sister emily and asks her to meet in a
public place
this time she was ready to reveal all
the secrets she knew
at a chinese restaurant cecilia meets
emily
cecilia tries to tell emily what she
knows but everything turns into a deadly
disaster in an instant
a knife on the dining table lifted by
itself and only a few seconds later
it slashed emily's neck and killed her
on the spot
right in front of the view of everyone
in the restaurant the police came
and immediately arrested cecilia cecilia
screamed as if she wasn't the culprit
but no one believed her everyone thought
she was crazy
cecilia is taken to a mental hospital
and detained
the doctor then injects a sedative
before cecilia
is overpowered by the drug we can hear
adrian's voice whispering surprise
before she finally drifts off to sleep
when she returned to her room
the nurse told cecilia the shocking news
that she was pregnant
cecilia's sure it was impossible because
she was always taking birth control
pills
this is where we know one secret adrian
secretly raped cecilia at james house
when he repeatedly gave her diazepam
when tom came to visit the mental
hospital a statement that shocked
cecilia was made by tom
tom said that all the inheritance that
should have been handed over to cecilia
had to stop because cecilia had violated
the agreement written in adrian's will
one of them should not be involved in a
criminal crime but tom also said
something
that further proves cecilia's belief
that adrian was the mastermind of all
this
tom gave cecilia a choice she could
change this condition and return to her
old life
if cecilia would call adrian and take
care of their baby
adrian will forgive all of cecilia's
betrayals by running away from her
and starting a new life cecilia was so
angry with everything that had happened
to her
she refused to sign the letter tom
handed by throwing all the papers on the
floor
at that moment cecilia quickly took a
pen and hid it in the slit of her sleeve
when she returned to her room cecilia
knew that adrian was watching her
and that he was always by her side so
taking the pen she had hidden
she stabbed it into her arm intending to
end his life as well as the baby she was
carrying
of course cecilia's guess was correct
because an invisible figure suddenly
appeared and tried to stop her
cecilia instantly stabbed the invisible
figure right into his chest
cecilia repeatedly stuck her pen until
the costume malfunctioned
which began to reveal the figure behind
it when her action was seen by an
officer
cecilia immediately ran away from her
room but the poor officer had to fight
an invisible figure
several officers appear and
unfortunately they have to fight the
unseen adrian
with so easily adrian can take down all
officers
finally cecilia managed to escape from
the hospital
turns out it was pouring rain outside
and she kept trying
to catch up to adrian who ran away in
his malfunctioning costume
adrian finally showed himself and
strangled cecilia
for the first time we hear adrian's
voice coming out from his costume
adrian says that he already knows how to
destroy cecilia
by hurting the people she loves then he
would start by killing sydney
jane's daughter cecilia panicked when
she found out that sydney would be the
next victim
she quickly called james and said that
his daughter was in grave danger
and he had to go home immediately to
save her
unfortunately adrian arrived at james
house first
sydney who was fast asleep realized that
someone had entered a room
but she couldn't see anyone she then
took the pepper spray
her father had given her and squirted it
around her the spray hit adrian
and knocked him down sydney ran out of
her room
but she bumped into another invisible
figure it turned out that this invisible
figure was different from adrian in
sydney's room
luckily her father james arrived just in
time
and had to duel the invisible figure of
course james lost badly and almost died
cecilia arrived and sprayed a fire
extinguisher all around
and made the invisible figure visible
with several shots aimed at his chest
cecilia managed to knock out the
invisible man then cecilia took off the
mask
she was shocked when she found out that
the figure behind the costume was tom
as if convinced that tom is the
perpetrator behind all the terror that
has happened to her
here too we are surprised if adrian has
been locked up by tom in the basement of
his house
police rushed to adrian's mansion and
found adrian tied up
but cecilia knows more than anyone
cecilia knows how crazy adrian is
and how he can manipulate people's minds
as if all this was made by tom
and this time she knew what she had to
do she will not let adrian win in this
game
if adrian can fool everyone about his
death he can obviously make up for his
kidnapping
cecilia then called adrian as tom had
offered this time cecilia asked to meet
at adrian's luxury house
adrian was so happy to see cecilia again
they decided to have dinner together
when cecilia arrives adrian offers her
to eat steak
sushi or pasta cecilia chooses steak
because she already has plans of her own
while having dinner together
cecilia repeatedly asked adrian to admit
that all of this was his doing
cecilia promises that she will start her
life again with adrian
but she wants to build it on trust
though secretly cecilia was recording
their conversation
and james was listening from a distance
but adrian is not a gullible sociopath
he denied if he wasn't the culprit
cecilia couldn't hold her emotions
she burst into tears then adrian
approached her to comfort cecilia
by saying that sometimes cecilia might
feel like she is going
crazy but all of that is not a surprise
in itself
adrian's words of surprise made cecilia
realize that all of this was adrian's
genius
adrian's goal is to make cecilia lose
everything she has and will eventually
come back to him cecilia asked
permission to go to the bathroom
but she already had a brilliant plan she
remembers that she once hid an invisible
costume in her secret closet
cecilia knew this was the only way
meanwhile
adrian sat alone at the dining table
waiting for cecilia
then suddenly his body shook it only
took a few seconds
adrian immediately raised the knife he
was holding to eat the steak then slit
his own throat like he did to emily
cecilia appeared and pretended to be
hysterical seeing adrian's fallen body
covered in blood
she called the police and made sure she
was not in the spotlight of the cctv
camera
then smiled broadly at adrian turns out
she was wearing adrien's invisible
costume
and killed him with a trick that adrian
had been doing all this time
a weak woman who finally rose and
managed to win this psychological game
cecilia sat at the foot of the stairs
looking at adrian's dying body
while revealing the one word that adrian
always hummed
surprise james who had been listening
from the car
immediately ran into the house but
cecilia looked relaxed when she said
that adrian committed suicide by
slitting his own throat
james looked into cecilia's bag and he
could see adrian's optical costume was
there
but james didn't say anything and he let
cecilia go
cecilia finally walked away with pride
she won this game
and she managed to beat adrian with a
trick he created himself
[Music]